Ah, the little one dare not dare
Just this Ye Huan
It's just a remnant of my Ye family
I can't believe he would do such a thing
This Ye Huan became a killing god after a thousand years
What slaughtered my demonic desires was nothing
But there's one thing I don't understand
When he achieved the position of heaven and earth
Would actually reverse time and space for a woman
self-funded cultivation
Hahaha
But at this time, he has already cultivated the funds
I have a thousand ways
What he can kill is all
Just do as I say.
It's Mr. Ye
Do you dare or not?
I, Ye Huan, am the least challenging in my life
But since I am a saint
You challenge me
That is the following offense
If I promise easily
Wouldn't it lose its own majesty?
Wildflower, if you dare not, you dare not
Where the hell did you get so much nonsense?
What's so hard about being a coward?
Stimulation doesn't work for me
Want me to say yes
Yes, but you will pay the price.
At what cost?
Half of the assets of the ancient clan of the tenth generation
All belong to Fu Hongyan's famous school
Hahahaha
Yan Huan
Your abacus is too small
I'm not doing anything yet
You actually made us ten million
The assets are attributed to Fu Hongyan